---
layout:   post
title:    "Triacastela — Sarria"
category: galicia
date:     2016-11-06
# image:    "https://s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/camino2016/pictures/30/peace.jpg"
day:      46
---

I didn't drink enough to make it through the night unbothered, but that's what happen in dorms. The road through the first cafe made it clear that the pain in my leg was still present: I would have to make it a short day if I hoped to feel better. I walked alone that day and ended up in [Sarria](https://www.google.fr/maps/place/27600+Sarria,+Province+de+Lugo,+Espagne/@42.7789815,-7.4202723,15z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m5!3m4!1s0xd3048097fbf82ad:0x9004c74b09000a64!8m2!3d42.7807873!4d-7.4140549?hl=fr) early in the afternoon.

I was on my own that day, Loïc being ahead of me. I booked myself a single room for once: I needed the rest and wanted some privacy. I had gone out only for eating and spent the rest of the day in bed, watching tv shows on my phone. I felt that I might have been falling sick so I took no chance, even though I could hear that the two irishmen I had met earlier were having quite the night downstairs.

<hr>

_The absence of people and the long break left me without distractions and I found myself face to face with my thoughts again. I was still hesitating about my next moves, and with Santiago so close it felt like it was time to make up my mind. Two days earlier, I would have kept walking without hesitation, but now with the weather degrading and the pain in my leg, I wasn't sure about anything._

_I was also in touch with some friends in Strasbourg and talking with them only made me want to go back as soon as possible... I was discovering my limits, and it seemed that one of them was the bad weather. But no matter what, I had to reach Santiago first._
