---
layout:   post
title:    "Grañón — Tosantos"
category: la-rioja
date:     2016-10-20
image:    "https://s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/camino2016/pictures/29/mountain-church-thumb.jpg"
day:      29
---

Since he couldn't cook dinner the previous night, Ilay decided to bless us with his pancakes, "known through all of Israel" as he told us. After making another round of goodbyes, we left him and started walking with the girls, and Anna and Margaret. Good old me, surrounded with girls even when doing a hike!

Anyway, the more I walked, the more people I met, and the more I learned, talked and exchange. I realized that I couldn't find the time to write everything that I felt was noteworthy, or I would have had to miss conversations and moments... There's only so much time in a day, and what was not spent walking was spent enjoying the company I was in.

{% include splitpic.html leftpath="29/belorado" rightpath="29/tosantos" %}

Which is why I stopped in [Tosantos](https://www.google.fr/maps/place/09258+Tosantos,+Province+de+Burgos,+Espagne/@42.4135408,-3.245618,17z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m5!3m4!1s0xd4585eecc80cb65:0xa27e7c30515e050b!8m2!3d42.4135718!4d-3.2423401?hl=fr) instead of going further as I had planned. I was more interested in staying with Saula and Krista than in walking to the next town to be in the same place as Loïc.

Since we started meeting more people, we both had started walking as it suited each of us. We were no longer using the tent and therefore not required to be in the same place at all times; and with so many people on the road, we had no trouble finding company. It's not as if we were tired of each other or anything, but we knew we would meet again down the road anyway and there was a whole lot more to this trip than just the two of us.

{% include pic.html path="29/mountain-church" %}

It was quite cold in Tosantos, even though it was sunny. We went to see the church, one that was built inside the side of the mountain, making for a good landscape. The albergue was donativo, so once again everything was shared. We then went to bed and after a session of group hugs and giggling like kids, we fell asleep.
