---
layout:   post
title:    "Burgos (2)"
category: burgos-meseta
date:     2016-10-23
image:    "https://s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/camino2016/pictures/32/burgos-4-thumb.jpg"
day:      32
---

{% include pic.html path="32/burgos-4" %}

I took the morning very slowly, enjoying having my own space. No snorers, no alarms, nothing to bother me. Once I was ready to leave, I joined Loïc for a quick breakfast, then Monica and Emilie for drinks and tapas. Spain is amazing in that regard: in many places, when you order a drink you get a tapas and it will only cost you between one and two euros for the whole thing. One could make a whole meal of it. Many tried to :)

Loïc decided not to stay one more night in Burgos and to walk to the next place, but I didn't feel like walking that day. I checked in to the same albergue that locked out my friends then we went to see the town's castle with Monica and Paul, a pilgrim from Seattle which had a fatherly vibe to him. I saw him mostly between Burgos and Leon but we had many interesting conversations; he was good at listening and good to listen to.

{% include splitpic.html leftpath="32/burgos-2" rightpath="32/burgos-3" %}

We went inside the tunnels under the castle, and I'm glad I wasn't claustrophobic! After the tour, we went for drinks and then for dinner with other pilgrims that weren't part of my usual group and were around 10/15 years older than Monica and I: it gave a family-dinner feeling to the whole thing, but in a good way :) After that, remembering the lesson from the previous night, it was time to go back to the albergue.

{% include pic.html path="32/burgos-1" %}
